3V Sigma S.p.a.
Stand:  AC50
A&A Fratelli Parodi
Stand:  C30 shared with Natura-Tec
Aak Sweden AB
Stand:  C50
Aako BV
Stand:  N80
Aarti Industries Limited
Stand:  T16
Leading Supplier to Global Manufacturers of Dyes, Pigments, Agrochemicals, Pharmaceuticals, Surfactants, and Rubber Chemicals. Surfactant Specialit...
ABC NANOTECH CO., LTD.
Stand:  AG81
ABC NANOTECH is a young venture company that began in 1999. The young passion of ABC NANOTECH enabled members to challenge the world competition and ...
Absolute Cosmetic Essentials Ltd.
Stand:  M14
Absolute Cosmetic Essentials; Your Aromatics Expert. We supply the finest pure, natural and organic aromatic ingredients. For example: -Essential ...
Active Concepts S.r.l
Stand:  T50
Active Concepts Srl – The European affiliate within the Active Concepts family of companies. Based in Milan, Italy we offer an interesting range of un...
Activon Co. Ltd.
Stand:  J51
ActivON is one of the leading manufacturer of high-quality raw materials for cosmetics and personal care products in Korea. Based on Green & Bio-tec...
ADEKA Europe Gmbh
Stand:  J70
ADEKA is a Japanese manufacturing chemical company with more than a century of experience in the cosmetics and detergents market, having nowadays more...
ADPCosmetics
Stand:  AJ81
ADParticles, with its patented method of dry dispersion, produces innovative cosmetic, natural ingredients, which provide greater security, efficiency...
ADWATIS SA
Stand:  AF67
At the cutting edge of high-performance skin care, the Swiss company ADWATIS SA presents the new active water Advanced Water S-100 as a breakthrough t...
AE Chemie
Stand:  AB12
AE Chemie, Inc. is committed to harnessing the power of science & technology to profoundly improve the ever-expanding world of Cosmetic Chemistry and ...
AEM Lab Inc.
Stand:  A61
The Canadian Society Argile Eau Mer Inc., founded in 1994, was acquired in August, 2018. Goal is to commoditize the marine mud of Manicouagan in var...
AGRANA Starch
Stand:  C10
STARCHES AS NATURAL AESTHETIC AND RHEOLOGY MODIFIERS AND AS POWDER BASE! AGRANA is a leading international company which manufactures and distributes ...
Airplan S.A
Stand:  AC35
Aitex
Ajinomoto OmniChem N.V.
Stand:  V71
Akema S.r.l.
Stand:  AJ20
Akema is a renowned supplier of cosmetic ingredients with more than 45 years manufacturing experience. We produce allantoin, allantoin derivatives & c...
Akott Evolution
Stand:  AF48
Akott Evolution manufactures high tech and sophisticated Actives, Botanical Extracts and Jewelry powders and market them in all the world through its ...
Alba Science Ltd.
Stand:  AP05
Alban Muller International
Stand:  Z81 shared with JOVER
Albert Vieille
Stand:  K12
For nearly a century, Albert Vieille has crafted exceptional savoir-faire in the realm of aromatic raw materials, acting as your partner in the formul...
Aldivia
Stand:  AG71
ALDIVIA® eco-designs natural based cosmetic ingredients by combining the extraordinary Plant Biodiversity with Innovation to create high value-added s...
All Organic Treasures GmbH
Stand:  AD11
We produce and provide high quality Organic Oils and Fats for organic and Natural cosmetic. Our Oils are - Organic certified DE-ÖKO-005 - COSMOS ...
Aloe Jaumave SA de CV
Stand:  AP15
Aloe Jaumave was founded in 1989, and from the beginning the company decided to settle in Jaumave, a small town located in a beautiful valley in the s...
ALPS SOUTH EUROPE S.R.O.
Stand:  AG80
ALPS is a leading manufacturer of advanced gel based medical devices located in Florida (United States). Constant commitment together with a strong fo...
Alzo International Inc
Stand:  AL28
AMA Laboratories, Inc.
Stand:  AA34
AMA Laboratories provides a full spectrum of clinical and efficacy testing related services. Ranging from SPF testing and Safety Studies/RIPT through...
AMI INGRÉDIENTS
Stand:  E74
Amita HC
Andy Bullen
Stand:  T80
The knowledge and know how to successfully take your cosmetic product to market ... Formed in 2008, our fully qualified, independent team of Doctor...
ANGUS Chemical Company
Stand:  M80
Anhui Huaheng Biotechnology Co., Ltd
Stand:  AN22
Original Manufacturer - D-panthenol - Alpha-arbutin - AA2G - L-Alanine, Beta-alanie, DL-alanine,D-alanine - L-arginine, Glycine, L-glutamic acid
AntalGenics, SL
Stand:  AB40
ARGANE AOUZAC
Stand:  K37
ARGANE AOUZAC is argan oil manufacturer. Argan Oil is 100% Organic certified by Ecocert Argane Aouzac produces a high quality argan oil (Cosmet...
Argeville
Stand:  L21
Argeville design and manufacture in France for nearly one century, its own high value-added raw materials, fragrances, flavours and specialties ingred...
Arkema
Stand:  AH81
A designer of materials and innovative solutions, Arkema shapes materials and creates new uses that accelerate customer performance. Our balanced bus...
Arysta Health & Nutrition Sciences Corporation
Stand:  H32
FEATURED
Ashland
Stand:  F40
Health and wellness. Natural and organic products. Simplification with multi-functional benefits. Ashland's solvers are passionate about creating allu...
Associacio Del Cluster Bellesa De Catalunya
Stand:  AB46
Azelis S.A.
Stand:  C40
B.C Cosmetic and Food S.R.L
Stand:  AF39
Natural origin surfactants, emulsifiers, emollients and specialties manufacturer for the cosmetic market. Distributor of special actives of C&D know-...
Bachem AG
Stand:  Y18
About Bachem Bachem is a listed technology-based company focused on peptide chemistry. The company provides a full range of services to the pharma an...
Barcelonesa Grup
Stand:  A40
Barentz International B.V.
Stand:  E20
BASF Colors & Effects GmbH
Stand:  K70
Ludwigshafen-based BASF Colors & Effects GmbH is a subsidiary of BASF SE and also based in Ludwigshafen. It is one of the leading manufacturers of col...
BASF Personal Care and Nutrition GmbH
Stand:  K50
The BASF personal care business is one of the world’s leading suppliers of high-performance ingredients to the personal care industry. As part of BASF...
BDI-Biolife Science
Stand:  AF40
BDI-BioLife Science is a company from Austria which is specialized in developing innovative, natural based ingredients, such as those derived from hig...
Beauty Cluster Barcelona
Beijing Bloomage Hyinc Technology Co., Ltd.
Stand:  N10
Beijing Join-Link Int'l Expo Co. LTD'
Stand:  AE58
Bell Flavors & Fragrances EMEA
Stand:  L41
Bell Flavors & Fragrances is a leading supplier of fragrances and botanical extracts for personal and household care products as well as the perfume i...
Berg + Schmidt (GmbH & Co.) KG
Stand:  Q80
With over 55 years of operating in the oleochemical sector, Berg + Schmidt has become a specialist in functional lipids for cosmetic applications. The...
FEATURED
Products from Berg + Schmidt (GmbH & Co.) KG
BergaSoft range
GlyAcid®
BergaCare/BergaBrigh...
BergaMuls ET 1
BergaCare FG 5
Berkem
Stand:  C70
BICOSOME
Stand:  AN03
BICOSOME CO. develops and commercializes smart skin care ingredients using a proprietary technology for deep skin delivery. Bicosome® systems are in...
BIDAH & CHAUMEL
Stand:  AD58
Biesterfeld Spezialchemie GmbH
Stand:  V60
Biesterfeld Spezialchemie is part of the Biesterfeld Group, one of the leading distributors for chemicals with offices and subsidiaries around the glo...
FEATURED
Products from Biesterfeld Spezialchemie GmbH
Greetings from the...
Summer Glow
Summer Glow
Bio Basic Europe S.r.l.
Stand:  Y32
Since 1996, BIO BASIC EUROPE has been a reference company for producers and manufacturers wishing to enter the global market with their dermocosmetolo...
Bio-Nest Biochemical Technology Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AL50
Bio-Nest, established in 2000, has been dedicated to the technology and manufacture of herb extraction, activity enwrapping, and bio-fermentation as w...
BIOADORATES PRODUCT SARL
Stand:  J34
Bioadorates Product is a Moroccan company specializing in the extraction and export of pure, organic argan oil. Bioadorates Product deploys ongoing e...
BIOALTERNATIVES
Stand:  Z41
Committed since 1996 to developing effective in vitro alternative methods to animal experimentations, Bioalternatives is a contract research organizat...
Biocosmethic
Stand:  AD71
Biocosmethic® is an active ingredients’ supplier for cosmetic industries. Our expertise is mainly in all plant extraction and encapsulation areas,...
BIOGRÜNDL, SL
Stand:  D81 shared with Special Chemicals S.LBionap S.R.L
Stand:  AP39
BIONAP is a dynamic and innovative company which since 1997 has produced standardized extracts obtained from plants and fruits growing in the areas su...
Bionos Biotech S.L.
Stand:  Y34
Bionos Biotech is a leading Spanish CRO focused in Efficacy Testing for Cosmetic and Food-Nutraceutical industries (in vitro, ex vivo and in vivo bioa...
BioScreen Testing Services Inc.
Stand:  A64
Housed in modern, spacious laboratories and offices, BioScreen Testing Services, Inc. is comprised of a team of highly dedicated and hardworking scien...
Biosynthis
Stand:  Y80 shared with Sytheon SARL
bitop AG
Stand:  T20
bitop is a German manufacturer and expert in the biotechnological production and development of natural stress-protection molecules, so called extremo...
Blue Diamond Growers
Stand:  AL20
Blue Diamond Almonds has been trusted by industry professionals for over 100 years. It’s our reputation for integrity and quality products that sets u...
Boai NKY Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
Stand:  AB61
Boai NKY Pharmaceuticals Ltd (NKY) is the leading manufacturer of Polyvinylpyrrolidone(PVP) polymers in China and also a PVM/MA Copolymer producer, th...
Bonderalia Montoil, S.A.
Stand:  AB28
Borregaard AS
Stand:  M11
Botanica GmbH
Stand:  D88
A Swiss Company focused on tailor-made plant extracts. With a highly customer-centric mentality, Botanica finds the optimal plant extract best suited ...
BRB International
Stand:  U10
Brenntag Holding GmbH
Stand:  V40
Brenntag Cosmetics is the industry’s leading distributor and service provider for cosmetic ingredients. We are composed of a dedicated, experienced te...
C.H. Erbsloeh
Stand:  B50 shared with Ricardo Molina S.A.U:
Caldic B.V.
Stand:  D10
Caldic is a provider of solutions for the Health and Personal Care market, including a wide variety of cosmetics applications. We have a global networ...
Campo Research Pte. Ltd.
Stand:  T40
Canfield Scientific, Inc.
Stand:  Z32
Canfield Scientific is the largest provider of photographic documentation resources and services, for research in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, a...
Capua 1880
Stand:  K32
Capua 1880 is the story of a business run by a single family ever since 1880. It is the story of five generations of innovation-driven people, an unm...
Carbonnel SA
Stand:  K34
CAREGEN CO., LTD.
Stand:  T70
Caregen is a global leader of research and marketing of Biomimetic Peptides and Growth Factors. Caregen is not only the world’s first company which ha...
Cargill Beauty
About Cargill Beauty Cargill Beauty, Cargill’s personal care platform launched in April 2017, addresses ingredient challenges for the cosmetic marke...
Cargill NV - Belgium
Stand:  AA50
Catalent
Stand:  F73
Catalent is a global leader in innovative oral and topical softgel technologies for the consumer health and beauty markets. We can help your company d...
CCPIT Sub-Council of Chemical Industry
Stand:  U58
CelliCON Lab Inc
Stand:  AM22
CellMark France SAS
Stand:  L11
CIDP Group
Stand:  Y22
CIDP (Centre International de Développement Pharmaceutique) is a private and independent CRO carrying out high performance research and clinical activ...
Cestisa
Stand:  U71
CFF GmbH & Co. KG
Stand:  Z80
Changshu League Chemical Co.Ltd
Stand:  AF13
Changshu LEAGUE Chemical Co., Ltd. was founded in 1985. We are an ISO9001(2000),ISO14001:2001,OHSAS 18001:2007 certified pharmachemical, hair dye and ...
Charles River
Stand:  AA37
As a proven innovator in the development of dependable, robust testing solutions, Charles River continues to set the standard for managing microbial q...
Chemaxcel Corporation
Stand:  Y03
Chemaxcel Corporation is a professional supplier of personal care and cosmetic ingredients. Our products include Ascorbyl Glucoside, Ethyl Ascorbic Ac...
Chemipol S.A.
Stand:  L81
Manufacturer of preservatives for personal care.
Chemir S.A.
Stand:  B12
CHEMIR S.A. is a company founded in Barcelona (Spain) in 1983, specialized in the commercialization and distribution of raw material for the cosmetic,...
CLR Berlin
Stand:  P70
CLR - Chemisches Laboratorium Dr. Kurt Richter - is an independent German company based in Berlin, which develops biologically active cosmetic ingredi...
Chemland Co.,Ltd
Stand:  B50 shared with Ricardo Molina S.A.U:
Chemspec Chemicals Pvt. Ltd.
Stand:  AJ15
Based in India, Chemspec chemicals is a leading manufacturer of actives for sun care, skin care, hair care and antibacterials. We are also manufacturi...
Chemspeed Technologies AG
Stand:  AA40
CHEMSPEED TECHNOLOGIES FOCUSES ON CREATING, DEVELOPING AND DELIVERING FULL WORKFLOW APPLICATION ORIENTED SOLUTIONS WHICH ENHANCE R&D PRODUCTIVITY. ...
Chimex
Stand:  C61
Chimex is a key partner to develop and secure the supply of your ingredients for the beauty industry. Thanks to our highly developed skills in eco...
CISME Italy s.r.l.
Stand:  AG20
CISME Italy srl is a private company established in 1987, it incorporates over 30 years of expertise in research, production, and supply of performa...
Clariant International AG
Stand:  Z13
FEATURED
Clariant
Stand:  V50
Clariant to start a new era at in-cosmetics Global Clariant, a world leader in specialty chemicals, is paving the way for a new strategy for its Pe...
COBIOSA
Stand:  G31
CODIF TECHNOLOGIE NATURELLE
Stand:  B30
Colonial Chemical Inc.
Stand:  AH40
Colonial Chemical is an industry forerunner in the development and manufacture of products that are environmentally safe and derived from all-natural ...
Color Clay
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
Comercial Quimica Masso S.A.
Stand:  G10
The main activity of COMERCIAL QUIMICA MASSÓ is the distribution of chemical specialties from principals that are recognized as leaders in various ind...
Complife Group
Stand:  AA31
Complife is a worldwide group, which provides consulting and testing services for food, food supplements, household products, cosmetotextiles, cosmeti...
Connect Chemicals Group
Stand:  G35
As a worldwide operating manufacturer and distributor of specialty chemicals, Connect Chemicals is dedicated to excellence in the Cosmetics & Personal...
Contipro a.s.
Stand:  F10
COPTIS Software Solutions
Stand:  Y24
For 20 years, COPTIS has specialised in the development of performance software solutions for Cosmetic R&D Laboratories: - Coptis LAB, our major pr...
FEATURED
Products from COPTIS Software Solutions
The must have...
COPTIS INGREDIENTS
COPTIS DOCS
COPTIS TOX
Corel Pharma Chem
Stand:  W11
Corel Pharma Chem (India) established in 1990, is the fastest growing excipient manufacturing company. Corel is the first Indian company to introduce ...
Corum Inc.
Stand:  G81
Cosbon CO., Ltd
Stand:  AN08
CoSeedBioPharm Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AN19
CoSeedBioPharm Co., Ltd. was established in April 2006. We are a natural material company, producing a lot of oriental herb extracts, with 45 patents ...
Cosmo International Fragrances
Stand:  J10
Perfume creations for Fine Fragrances, Cosmetics and Toiletries.
Cosmodec
Stand:  U20
Cosmodec is a cosmetic ingredient supplier specialized in stabilization of vitamin C. Based in Gyeonggi Province near Seoul, South Korea, the company ...
COSMOLIFE
Stand:  AF38
Cosphatec GmbH
Stand:  S30
Cosun Biobased Products
Stand:  AM16
Cosun Biobased Products is a manufacturer of multi-functional, biobased, ingredients for the Personal Care & Home Care industry. Our products are deri...
Courage + Khazaka electronic GmbH
Stand:  AA28
Since more than 30 years, Courage + Khazaka has been the world market leader for scientific testing instruments to assess a wide range of skin paramet...
Covestro Deutschland AG
Stand:  R38
Company Profile With 2017 sales of EUR 14.1 billion, Covestro is among the world’s largest polymer companies. Specially made for the cosmetics indust...
FEATURED
CPL Aromas
Stand:  L14
CQV Co., Ltd.
Stand:  W19
CQV is a leading manufacturer and supplier of effect pigments and effect materials for the cosmetics and personal care industries. With headquarters i...
CREMER OLEO GmbH & Co. KGCroda
Stand:  E50
Croda is widely recognised for providing creative solutions and innovative ingredients to meet consumer demands and future trends in the beauty and co...
Dadao Tongtu (Beijing) Expo Co. Ltd
Stand:  Z48
DAICEL Corporation
Stand:  AP13
Daito Kasei Europe
Stand:  AG48
Delfin Technologies Ltd
Stand:  Y10
Delfin Technologies manufactures and markets innovative instruments for skin measurements. Our products are scientifically validated, well-established...
Department for International Trade
Stand:  AN40
DERMAPRO Ltd.
Stand:  AB31
DERMAPRO Co. Ltd., established in May 2001, is a skin research institute that specializes in human dermatological testing and in the evaluation of saf...
Dia-Stron Ltd
Stand:  AA15
Dia-Stron is launching a new hair testing instrument at In-Cosmetics Global 2019! Our latest innovative measurement solution - designed with ergonomic...
Disproquima S.A.
Stand:  AA10
DKSH
Stand:  U30
Doehler GmbH
Stand:  AF55
Doosan Solus co., Ltd
Stand:  Y58
Dow Silicones Belgium
Stand:  N50
Dr. Goya Analisis S.L.
Stand:  AA32
Dr. Paul Lohmann GmbH KG
Stand:  AN39
Dr. Paul Lohmann® is the world's leading GMP manufacturer of high-purity mineral salts for the personal care, oral care, nutricosmetical and pharmaceu...
DSM Nutritional Products Europe Ltd.
Stand:  S36
At DSM we believe that beauty enriches people’s lives. With a passion and sense of beauty woven into the very fabric of our organization, our vision ...
DuPont Nutrition & Biosciences
Stand:  AB21
DuPont Nutrition & Biosciences applies expert science to advance market-driven, healthy and sustainable solutions for the food, beverage, dietary supp...
DuPont Tate & Lyle BioProducts
Stand:  B10
Easthill Corporation
Stand:  AL10
EastHill Corporation is a manufacturer of high quality of surface treated powder, dispersion and other cosmetics ingredients. Since we stablished in 1...
ECKART GmbH
Stand:  AF50
ECKART, founded in Germany in 1876, is an international manufacturer of pearlescent and metallic effect pigments. Effect pigments are used to opticall...
ECO OIL ARGENTINA
Stand:  AF10
Eco Oil Argentina is exclusively dedicated to the production, processing and marketing of Natural Jojoba Oil to the Personal Care Industry. Eco Oil is...
Eco-Shell, Inc
Stand:  AM38
The Crain family has been growing and processing quality English walnuts in the Sacramento Valley since 1960. Over the past fifty years, the business ...
Ecopol
Stand:  AC41
EFPBIOTEK
Stand:  AL48
EFPBIOTEK is one of the world's major Squalene and Squalane manufacturers. This Food Grade Certified Company, 107 years old, also produces a wide rang...
EG Active Cosmetics S.L.U.
EG Active Cosmetics is a company specialized in the distribution of active ingredients for Cosmetic and Dermocosmetics formulations. It is business i...
Eigenmann & Veronelli SPA
Stand:  E10
Elementis
Stand:  H70
Elementis is a global specialty chemicals company driven by scientific innovation to deliver cosmetic ingredients that enhance the performance and val...
FEATURED
Products from Elementis
RHEOLUXE®...
FANCOR® ABYSSINIAN...
FANCOR® MEADOWFOAM...
FANCORSIL® LIM-1
MEADOWQUAT® HG-70
Elkem Silicones France SAS
Stand:  V81
We have been active in the silicone industry for over 60 years. We manufacture the right products, supplying our customers with customized formulation...
Ellead Co Ltd
Stand:  AA48
Ellead is the largest cosmetics clinical evaluation company in Asia that provides a comprehensive total solution in comprehensive range of efficacy an...
Emerald Kalama Chemical
Stand:  AC30
Enio Bonchev Production Ltd
Stand:  K39
Our company was established in 1909 by Mr. Enio Bonchev who built one of the first Bulgarian rose oil distilleries in the village of Tarnichene, right...
Entekno Materials
Stand:  AN14
MicNo ZnO - The Clear Choice for UV Protection - The innovative MicNo technology from Entekno Materials provides formulators a single ingredient for b...
FEATURED
Products from Entekno Materials
MicNo® Micron Size...
EOC Surfactants
Stand:  AD51
EOC Surfactants, a member of the EOC Group, produces high quality surfactants for use in the cosmetics, household and detergents industries. EOC Sur...
Eppendorf AG
Stand:  AC49
Eppendorf is a leading life science company that develops and sells instruments, consumables and services for liquid, sample and cell handling in labo...
Eps Fragrances
Stand:  M20
Established in 1981, Eps Fragrances is dedicated to create haute-couture fragrances in all industries for customers worldwide. Eps is known as one of ...
EquipNet Ltd
Stand:  Y05
EquipNet is a leader asset management company assisting manufacturers in buying and selling used equipment and machinery across multiple industries wo...
ERCA WILMAR COSMETIC INGREDIENTS S.r.l.
Stand:  F20
Erca Wilmar is an industrial Joint Venture between Erca Group and Wilmar International and operates in the development, production and marketing of In...
Esperis S.p.A.
Stand:  AJ41
Esperis S.p.A. was founded in 1922 and at present is working in the field of the manufacturing and trading of the raw materials for cosmetic and pharm...
Estenity
Stand:  AF49
EUROFINS DSC PRODUCT TESTING
Stand:  Z40
Eurofragance
Stand:  L31
Eurofragance is a global family owned company designing and manufacturing creative fragrances. International, we have been serving the world for a qua...
EVD
Stand:  AN17
On an international level, the licorice extract has a French label : Extraits Végétaux et Dérivés (EVD). Mafco - EVD, located in the south of France a...
Evonik Nutrition & Care GmbH
Stand:  N30
As a specialist for effective cleaning and care for skin and hair, Evonik combines scientific competencies with a passion for the business. We put our...
Expac (Preston) Ltd
Stand:  AC71 shared with GRI Group Ltd
Expac (Preston) Ltd is a formulator & contract manufacturer of liquids, creams, gels, lotions, perfumes, fragrances, talc, body powders and bath salts...
EXPRESSIONS PARFUMÉES SAS
Stand:  AM02
Exsymol S.A.M.
Stand:  AD20
SILANOLS as the skin biomechanics We will present how silanols are capable of improving the skin biomechanical properties EPIDERMOSIL® and psychol...
EXTVOLAT
Stand:  AL40
Fairoils SPRL
Stand:  L33
Fairoils is a producer and supplier of natural/organic essential and vegetable oils.
Fazer Mills
Stand:  AN20
Our unique oat-based solution is pure and natural beauty ingredients for skin and hair well-being. Fazer Aurora Oat Oil Pure is a great source of omeg...
Fenchem
Stand:  D51
Headquartered in Nanjing, China, with sales, service and warehousing around the globe, we have established our brand as one of quality, consistency an...
FeyeCon Development & Implementation B.V.
Stand:  AJ31
FeyeCon is a process and product development company and global leader in CO₂ technology. Using our clean technology we strive to achieve a sustainabl...
Floratech
Stand:  AB70
Floratech provides innovative ingredients for beauty, health and hygiene products worldwide. Floratech ingredients are derived from renewable botani...
Forestwise
Stand:  AE69
Fragrance Science S.L
Stand:  N13
Our company is based in Barcelona and is specialized in the production of fine and industrial fragrances working with cutting edge technology, passion...
Frédérique Cauzac
Stand:  AF61
The Microbiological Factory
Fruit d'Or Nutraceuticals
Stand:  AJ11
Providing quality control, from field to consumer, Fruit d'Or supplies rich, high-potency, organic, all-natural cranberry fruit powders and cranberry ...
Fuji Sangyo Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AP37
We are based in Japan. We have raw materials for hair growth. These raw materials confirmed efficacy on the human clinical test. Our advantage is a...
FUJIFILM Wako Pure Chemical Corporation
Stand:  AB35
FUJIFILM Wako Pure Chemical Corporation is based in Osaka, Japan. Since its foundation in 1922 Wako’s activities focus on providing high quality chem...
Galaxy Surfactants Ltd
Stand:  S20
Galaxy Surfactants Ltd., founded in the year 1980, is today one of the leading manufacturers of a wide range of Performance Surfactants and Innovativ...
GALEN-N Ltd, Bulgaria
Stand:  J30
Galen-N is a leading Bulgarian producer and trader of essential oils, floral waters, concretes and absolutes, active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs)...
Gandhar Oil Refinery India Limited
Stand:  AK52
Gattefossé
Stand:  G70
Gattefossé is an independent, multinational company with headquarters in France, which creates, manufactures and distributes specialty ingredients to ...
Geltor, Inc.
Stand:  AJ37
Geltor designs and builds MechanoActive ingredients with a proprietary protein engineering platform. The company’s premier product is N-Collage, the w...
Gelyma
Stand:  AD41
Founded by experts in Marine Biology, Gelyma is a French company that cultivates independence and passion for Phycology. Thanks to its in-depth alga...Geotech International B.V.
Stand:  B35
GEOTECH is a Dutch innovative supplier of special effect pigments with sales offices in France and Turkey. The product portfolio includes pearlescent ...
GfN GmbH & Selco GmbH
Stand:  B81
GfN is an innovative German producer, which - together with our distribution company, Selco - is the ideal partner for your business. We offer natural...
Givaudan Active Beauty
Stand:  H60
GLACONCHEMIE GmbH
Stand:  AC10
GLACONCHEMIE specializes in producing high-quality pharmaceutical glycerine from sustainably grown raw materials, based upon by-products from the prod...
GOBIOTICS BV
Stand:  AL80
Gold Cosmetica - J.G. Eytzinger GmbH - Cosmetic Division
Stand:  AF88
Eytzinger cosmetic gold manufacturer was founded in 1867 in Nuremberg, Germany. The Crocodile theme is one of the oldest registered trademarks in Ge...
Goonvean Fibres Ltd
Stand:  AJ13
Goonvean Fibres is one of Europe's leading processors of natural and synthetic fibres. With over 30 years experience, Goonvean Fibres has specialised ...
Grant Industries
Stand:  P50 shared with IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
Granula Ab Ltd, Oy
Stand:  E79
Granula Ltd produces: GranLux dispersions - Superior Sun protection with non penetrating UV filters. - We offer dispersions with the UVA filt...
Green Oleo Srl
Stand:  U80
Green Oleo is a new company with a long and important tradition. Since 1925, our plant produces fatty acids, glycerins and derivates. Cosmetics is a v...
Greenaltech S.L
Stand:  B41
For years, ALGAKTIV® has been using the power of microalgae to obtain effective, natural and sustainable actives. Discover how @ Tech Seminar, W...
Greentech S.A.
Stand:  M58
GRI Group Ltd
Stand:  AC71
GRI Group Limited is an associated group of dynamic businesses engaged in: 1) The development, manufacture and distribution of chemical intermediat...
Grolman Group
Stand:  L50
The Grolman Group operates an international specialty ingredients distribution business. It is composed of individual local sales offices based in all...
Guangrao Liuhe Chemical Co., Ltd
Stand:  A59
Shanghai Chasing M&E Co. Ltd
Stand:  AB38
SHANGHAI CHASING M&E CO;LTD is a large-scale company specialized in design,manufacturing,installation and commissioning of daily chemical,chemical,foo...
Guangzhou KingPowder Technology Co.,Ltd.
Stand:  Q58
King Powder is a leading supplier of ingredients to color cosmetic,skincare and personal care ect since 2004 . Our products range includes boron nitr...
Guangzhou PM Technology Co., Ltd
Stand:  AC31
Guangzhou Sheenbow Pigment Technology Co.,Ltd
Stand:  AF63
Gulbrandsen Technologies, Inc.
Stand:  AA80
Gulbrandsen Technologies produces antiperspirant active ingredients under our brand name ACHIEVE. We are now a leading and dependable supplier of Anti...
Gustav Heess GmbH
Stand:  U70
GUSTAV HEESS GmbH is a leading supplier and manufacturer of vegetable oils and fats for the cosmetic, pharmaceutical and food industry. Since 1897, th...
Halal Certification Services GmbH
Stand:  AB49
Facilitating business between European-based ingredients manufacturers and their target market all over the world. Halal Certification Services Gmb...
Hallstar
Stand:  B60
At Hallstar, our company vision describes who and what we are: a company that uses technical expertise and knowledge to improve our customers' product...
Hangzhou Choisun Bio-tech Co., Ltd
Stand:  AL12
Hangzhou Choisun Bio-Tech Co.,ltd founded in 2003,is a hi-tech joint stock business which produces and sells oil products as well as dealing with the ...
Hangzhou TIM Chemicals Co. LTD
Stand:  AF69
Hangzhou TIM Chemicals is a high-tech enterprise professional in R&D, production and sales of special surfactants and fine chemicals. Main products ar...
Hangzhou Xinfu Science & Technology Co., Ltd
Stand:  AK14
Hangzhou Xinfu Science & Technology Co.Ltd
Stand:  AG10
Xinfu is a high-tech public limited company in China, which was established in November 1994 and listed in Shenzhen Stock Exchange in July 2004..Xinfu...
Harke Chemicals GmbH
Stand:  AN26
Hebei Jiafeng Plant Oils Co., Ltd.
Stand:  A63
We are the largest manufacturer of wheat germ oil in Asia. The main products we can supply are wheat germ oil, evening primrose oil, pumpkin seed oil...
Hebei Oxen Special Chemicals Co Ltd
Stand:  U60
Henan Fumei Bio-Technology Co.,Ltd
Stand:  V33
Founded in 1981,Henan Fumei Biotechnology Co.,Ltd is a global Waxes refiner including:(Beeswax,Paraffine wax, Microcrystalline wax,Sumac wax,Blend wax...
Henry Lamotte Oils GmbH
Stand:  AD35
Henry Lamotte Oils GmbH is a leading supplier and producer of oils, waxes and seed flour as well as oleoresins. Our customers can be found in the food...
Hikari Factory
Stand:  AE51
Horphag Research
Stand:  K80
Horphag Research is the worldwide distributor for Pycnogenol® brand French maritime pine bark extract and Robuvit®, French oak wood extract. Pycnogeno...
Cosmetics Business / SPC Magazine
Stand:  B19
Cosmetics Business is the resource for industry news, trends and analysis. Updated daily with global coverage, the publication reports on the latest n...
HSH Chemie GmbH
Stand:  AC29
Hubei Artec Biotechnology Co.,Ltd
Stand:  AK60
Hubei Artec Biotechnology Co., Ltd. established in 2006, The company mainly produces carbohydrate intermediates and cosmetic additives by biotechnol...
HumanChem Inc.
Stand:  AD60
Hunan Silok Silicone Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AF80
Hunan Silok is a leading silicone manufacturer for personal care products, such as silicone elastomer gel, silicone emulsifier, alkyl silicone oil, po...
Huwell Chemicals S.p.A.
Stand:  AB69
For over 25 years, Huwell Chemicals has been producing hair bleaching powders and creams, and we are proud to be considered the world leader of the bl...
I.R.A. Istituto Ricerche Applicate srl
Stand:  D80
I.R.A. Istituto Ricerche Applicate S.r.l was established in 1983 by university professors and researchers, whose competencies and innovative capacity ...
Iberchem S.A.
Stand:  J20
Creating unique fragrances for your brand. Iberchem is a leading fragrance manufacturer counting on 20 facilities strategically located across the...
Ichthyol Gesellschaft
Stand:  AA09
We are a German company with a long tradition in the manufacture of organosulfur oil specialties. ICHTHYOL® PALE is our cosmetic ingredient of natur...
ICOF Europe GmbH
Stand:  AA70
Headquartered in Singapore, Musim Mas business is involved with every part of the palm oil supply chain: From managing plantations and mills to refini...
IDEA TESTS GROUP
Stand:  AA33
IDEA TESTS GROUP, The Cosmetic Test Company IDEA TESTS is specialized in toxicology, tolerance and efficacy evaluation for both finished products a...
Iff - Lucas Meyer Cosmetics
Stand:  S50
Lucas Meyer Cosmetics is the business unit of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (IFF) which develops, manufactures and markets innovative ingre...
IKA Werke GmbH & Co. KG
Stand:  AB48
The IKA® Group is a global market leader for laboratory equipment, and analytical and process technology. Magnetic stirrers, overhead stirrers, disper...
IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
Stand:  P50
IMCD is a leading company in sales, marketing and distribution of speciality chemicals and food ingredients. Representing major global producers, our ...
Imerys
Stand:  V15
IMERYS, the world leader in mineral-based specialty solutions for industry, delivers high value-added, functional solutions to a great number of secto...
IMPAG Group
Stand:  U50
IMPAG celebrates its 100th anniversary: Time to look back and remember how it all began ... in 1919 with a trading company for the Swiss textile indus...
Import Promotion Desk
Stand:  AM40
In vitro Plant-tech AB
Stand:  AL60
INNOVATIVE ACTIVE INGREDIENTS – In vitro Plant-tech offers innovative, high quality plant cell extracts from in vitro cultivated cells, such as plant ...
in-cosmetics sharer
Stand:  000 shared with Test in-cosmetics 2020
Ina Trading Co.Ltd / JAPAN NATURAL PRODUCTS,INC
Stand:  AJ30
JAPAN NATURAL PRODUCTS offer the advanced wax technologies for cosmetics formulations. From the LIP STICK to Liquid and powder make up products, Masca...
incospharm
Stand:  H30
Indfrag Biosciences Pvt Ltd
Stand:  AC88
Indfrag – short form for Indian Fragrance – was started in 1989 in collaboration with Quest International’s facility in the South of France. We made f...
Indo World Trading Corporation
Stand:  J38
Industria Chimica Panzeri srl
Stand:  AB60
Industrial Quimica Lasem S.A.U (IQL)
Stand:  F80
Industrial Química Lasem is a European Oleochemicals producer. The company was founded in 1947, but since April 2011 we have operated as part of The N...
Infinitec
Stand:  H71
WE ARE ACTIVE DELIVERY. Infinitec is private, independent, innovative and technology-drive biotech company with SPECIAL FOCUS on the research, proces...
INFO CARE
Stand:  AF71, Y06
AMINCHI - cosmetic software and database. A great solution for your safety assessments, products files and much more. Developed by INFO CARE ánd with...
Ingredi Biotech Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AH12
We are a dynamic researcher and manufacturer of natural active ingredients. Specialized in providing high performance botanical actives from cultivate...
Innospec
Stand:  G30
Explore a world of ingredients built around you; ingredients for Skin, Hair and Sun Care applications that provide endless opportunities for your next...
Innova BM Ltd
Stand:  AN06
Innova BM Ltd develops and produces unique and highly effective active ingredients based on the stem cells of selected medicinal plants. Plant stem ce...Innovacos
Stand:  R72
INOLEX
Stand:  AH60
INOLEX an independent, global specialty ingredients company focuses on providing safe & effective options for beauty care. At the forefront of design ...
inovapotek - R&D, Testing and Regulatory services
Stand:  Z18
inovapotek is a CRO providing a broad range of customized R&D services to the Personal Care, Pharmaceutical, Medical Devices and Food Supplements indu...
INTER ACTIFS - ACETO
Stand:  AJ50
INTER ACTIFS is the Division of the Cosmetics and Personal Care ingredients of ACETO Corporation, a worldwide operating company, headquartered in the ...
Interfat SA
Stand:  J80
Suppliers of Natural Oils and Derivatives: pure Vegetable Oils, Cosmetic Butters, Fatty Acids and Glycerine Located in Barcelona and Rotterdam More ...
International Quimica Aromatica s.a.
Stand:  AC20
IOI Oleo GmbH
Stand:  C20
At IOI Oleo Personal Care, we have decades of experience in the production and application of specialties for cosmetics. With our popular brands IMW...
Ita-Test
Stand:  AB41
We are one of the largest and most dynamic companies in Poland providing wide range of testing and research services of: cosmetics,cleaning products,w...
Italmatch Chemicals Spa
Stand:  A72
Italmatch Chemicals is a Global Specialty Chemical Company, focusing on Personal Care, Fabric&Home Care, I&I, Oil&Gas, Lubricant, Water and Plastic Ad...
Ithos Global
Stand:  AA35
IVICT Europe GmbH - a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation
Stand:  AB81
Are you looking for Micro Titanium Dioxides or Zinc Oxides with features such as high UV shielding performance, IR shielding performance, high transpa...
J.Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH + Co.KG
Stand:  D70
CELLULOSE GOES BEAUTY! With Cellulose from JRS you immediately feel the power of nature combined with innovation. Cellulose is made from renewable r...
J.S Hamilton Poland SA
Stand:  Z11
Jan Dekker
Stand:  P50 shared with IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
Jayshree Aromatics Private Limited
Stand:  M10
Jayshree Aromatics has earned a reputation in Aromatics, Flavour & Fragrance industry for its unmatched chlorination, hydrogenation, acetylation and d...
JEEN International Corporation
Stand:  R69
Jiangsu Jland Biotech
Stand:  AK10
Jiangsu Jland Biotech Co.Ltd was jointly set up by Aland Nutraceutical Group , the RHC Technical inventor and NYST
Jiangsu Wanqi Biotechnology Co., Ltd
Stand:  AL38
JIANGSU XINYU BIO-TECH CO., LTD
Stand:  AH10
Jingkun Chemistry Company
Stand:  E75
Founded in 1989, Jingkun is one of the leading manufacturers for guar derivative products. We are certified by ISO9001/ ISO14001,REACH, COSMOS and r...
Jinwoo Bio Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AF65
Jojoba Desert (A.C.S) Ltd.
Stand:  AK41
Jojoba Desert - Leading the Next Generation of Natural Cosmetics Jojoba Desert goes beyond providing a natural, soothing line of cosmetics to lead ...
JOVER
Stand:  Z81
JOVER is a company of more than 25 years in the field of cosmetic business supplying raw materials to the most important cosmetics brands.
Jungbunzlauer International AG
Stand:  V10
Jungbunzlauer transforms nature's plants into useful products and efficient solutions for personal care and cosmetics manufacturers and is one of the ...
FEATURED
Products from Jungbunzlauer International AG
ERYLITE® -...
Xanthan Gum
K.S.PEARL CO.,LTD.
Stand:  AK40
Since its inception in 1986, K.S.PEARL has endeavored to develop ongoing surface treatment technology expertise as well as producing world renowned co...
Kahl GmbH & Co. KG. / KahlWax
Stand:  AG70
KahlWax is one of the leading specialists in natural waxes such as Beeswax, Carnauba wax, Candelilla wax, and many others. We offer a wide range of pr...
Kalichem Srl
Stand:  AG21
KALICHEM specializes in the development and production of innovative raw materials: Natural Emulsifiers, Surfactants and Active ingredients. With mor...
Kao Chemicals Europe SL
Stand:  H20
Bringing new value to chemicals Kao Chemicals Europe is a subsidiary of Kao international group. We are a leading manufacturer in the fields of hygie...
KCC Beauty
Stand:  C80
KCC Beauty is a well-established name in the personal care industries of both Europe and Asia with strong plans to develop what this name represents t...
KCI Limited
Stand:  N60
Kelisema srl
Stand:  AK29
KELISEMA was founded in 1989 as an independent company, with the aim of developing upon the vast experience of the founder within the field of protein...
Keraplast Manufacturing
Stand:  A53
Kerfoot - Avril Group
Stand:  AH80
'Its incredible how many different oils we offer' Kerfoot, an Avril group subsidiary, is a leading manufacturer and provider of Carrier, Essential,...
Kewpie Corp
Stand:  P50 shared with IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
KLK Emmerich GmbH
Stand:  E41
Excellence in Oleochemicals! KLK Emmerich is the only local producer of (fractionated) fatty acids that produces all carbon chain lengths between C...
FEATURED
Kobo Products, Inc.
Stand:  R20
Since 1987 Kobo has provided innovative, technology-based raw materials to the cosmetic industry. The product range includes Surface Treated Pigments,...
KOEL COLOURS PVT. LTD.
Stand:  AK51
Koel was founded 1972, incorporated as Koel Colours Pvt Ltd in 1992, emerged as a leading manufacturer of dyes & pigments for Cosmetics, Personal Car...
Koster Keunen Holland BV
Stand:  R60
Your Global Wax Producer of Natural waxes & Kester waxes (unique & special properties). Our scientific knowledge can help you to find the best sui...
KPT (Korea Particle Technology) Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AC34
KPT (Korea Particle Technology) was established in December 2004 in the pursuit of the 'Retinol Stabilization Research Project', which enabled the tra...
Kreglinger Specialties
Stand:  AJ40
KREGLINGER SPECIALTIES represents a wide range of specialty ingredients for the Cosmetics and Personal Care industry. Our portfolio contains natural a...
Kumar Organic Products Limited
Stand:  AL70
Kumar Organic Products Ltd. is a leading manufacturer of specialty chemicals, which cater to the range of Skin care, Hair care, Oral care and Sun care...
Kuncai Europe B.V.
Stand:  AK80
Kuncai is the leading producer of effect pigments in Asia, based in Fuqing, China. There, Kuncai has a state-of-the-art plant with the world's large...
Kupanda
Stand:  B71
Kupanda produces natural botanical active ingredients, which are used in cosmetics formulations. Our reliable African supply chains, and ISO 9001 and ...
L.R. Flavours & Fragrances Industries S.p.A.
Stand:  K10
Born in 1998, L.R. Industries places itself among the sector leaders in the creation and production of fragrances and food flavourings; dealing, at th...
LABIO
Stand:  AC80
LABIO has been established on the motto of ‘Originality, Sincerity, Pioneer’. We share the vision for development and growth in materials with custome...
Laboratoires Expanscience
Stand:  AA60
Nature's gifts are plentiful. Benefiting from its bounty means respecting and protecting it. For 40 years, our sole aim has been to offer you the m...
Laboratoires PROD'HYG
Stand:  E70
PROD’HYG ● Manufacturer of ingredients ● Supplier of solutions For 70 years, PROD'HYG has been offering its expertises and services to supply the ...
LABORATORIOS ARGENOL, S.L.
Stand:  A58
Since 1939, Laboratorios ARGENOL produces and markets SILVER-based products, whose antimicrobial properties are widely used in the Cosmetic, Medical D...
Lamberti SpA
Stand:  AF20
Lamberti is a manufacturer of chemical specialties focused on customers' needs. Based on well-established Technological Platforms, the Personal Care &...
Lankem
Stand:  AA11
Lanolines Stella - Alpol Cosmétique
Stand:  AD61
Lanolines Stella is a world-wide renowned Wool grease processor and a Lanolin & Lanolin Derivatives producer. We manufacture and supply various gra...
LANXESS Distribution GmbH
Stand:  AC68
LAVOLLEE SA
Stand:  B50 shared with Ricardo Molina S.A.U:
LCS Biotech Co Ltd
Stand:  AB39
Lehmann&Voss&Co. KG / LEHVOSS Group
Stand:  AF60
LEHVOSS Personal Care is a division within the Lehmann&Voss&Co., group fully dedicated to the personal care and cosmetics industry. LEHVOSS Personal C...
LEMMEL, S.A.
Stand:  J70 shared with ADEKA Europe Gmbh
LEMMEL, S.A. was founded in Barcelona in 1925, the year in which it began to develop the activity of commercialization of raw materials for the chemic...
Lessonia
Stand:  AC70
Lessonia is a French ingredients supplier and an OEM manufacturer for cosmetic products. Natural ingredients: as a leading supplier of natural ingr...
Libra Speciality Chemicals Ltd
Stand:  AC71 shared with GRI Group Ltd
Libra Speciality Chemicals, located in Manchester, UK, is a leading chemical manufacturer and distributor of surfactants and speciality chemicals into...
Lincoln Manufacturing, Inc
Stand:  B80
FEATURED
Lipoid Kosmetik AG
Stand:  AH50
We make beauty natural. Lipoid Kosmetik AG Switzerland, as part of the Lipoid group, is a leading manufacturer of highquality actives and botanical...
LipoTrue S.L.
Stand:  E60
Derived from the need to innovate and swiftly adapt in the dynamic and fast-changing cosmetic market, LipoTrue science & biotechnologies has come forw...
Lisa Tassi-de klerk
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
Cirebelle is a South African producer of cosmetic grade Fischer-Tropsch (FT) wax, of natural gas origin, for use in any emulsion formulation e.g. skin...
Lonza
Stand:  E40
At Lonza Home & Personal Care, we are pushing the boundaries of science to help brand leaders and product innovators around the world to create cleane...
LOOK CHEMICALS
Stand:  AG11
Look Chemicals is a solution provider for the Beauty and Personal Care industry in Latin America. With an expertise of 12 years in import/ export and ...Lowenstein Jos H.& Sons, Inc
Stand:  T30
Founded in 1897, Jos. H. Lowenstein & Sons, Inc., the New York based manufacturer of quality raw materials (including dyestuffs, surfactants and stabi...
Lubrizol Advanced Materials Europe
Stand:  P30
LUM GmbH
Stand:  Z81 shared with JOVER
LUZI fragrance compounds
Stand:  K11
The Swiss family company LUZI fragrance compounds specialises in the creation, development and production of unique scent compositions for fine fragra...
Macrocare Tech., Ltd
Stand:  AF41
Magnesia GmbH
Stand:  AE54
Mamta Polycoats
Stand:  AN02
Mamta Polycoats is a leading manufacturer and exporter of non-toxic and eco-friendly Citric Acid Esters mainly Triethyl Citrate, Tributyl Citrate and...
Markon bio
Stand:  AD21
Markonbio’s the only concern is providing specialty materials and enhancing the values of cosmetics and personal care products. We since 2015 have b...
Matrix Fine Sciences Pvt Ltd
Stand:  AE68
Medytox
Stand:  AN09
--
Merck KGaA
Stand:  Q30, Y14
Merck, the vibrant science and technology company, operates across healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 53,000 employees work to...
Mérieux Nutrisciences
Stand:  AA39
Merquimia Colombia
Stand:  AF31
Mexialoe Laboratorios S.A. De C.V.
Stand:  S39
Mexialoe Laboratorios, S. A. de C.V is the largest producer of Organic Aloe Vera in Mexico. In Mexialoe Laboratorios, our commitment is to provide...
MFCI Co.Ltd
Stand:  AD40
MG International Fragrance Company
Stand:  L20
Established in 1961 MG International Fragrance Company, supplier of fragrances to well-known international brands, was founded by Gülçiçek family in ...
MH Medical Hemp GmbH
Stand:  AH11
MH medical hemp GmbH is an innovative company and trailblazer for technology, which specialises in the extraction of cannabidiol (CBD) as well as the ...
Mibelle Biochemistry
Stand:  H40
Inspired by nature - Realized by science Science: Mibelle Biochemistry designs and develops innovative, high-quality actives based on profound sci...
FEATURED
Products from Mibelle Biochemistry
MossCellTec™ No. 1
Depolluphane EpiPlus
Black BeeOme™
Iso-SlimComplex
Snow Algae Powder
MINASOLVE SAS
Stand:  AF21
Minasolve, is a cosmetic ingredients supplier, specialized on multi functional, nature-derived and sustainable products. Today, the personal care indu...
Miwon Commercial Co., Ltd.
Stand:  B75
Miwon Commercial is a leading company of personal care ingredients based in South Korea. With 60 years history, Miwon has been dedicated to the person...
Miyoshi Europe S.A.S.
Stand:  M70
Leader in Surface Treated Pigments, Fillers and Pearls manufacturing. We are also providing solutions for Skin Care (multi-functional powders, soft-f...
MMP Europe
Stand:  P88
MMP Europe develops original purified vegetal extracts, natural-derived compounds, as well as high purity synthetic ingredients with innovative cosmet...
Momentive Performance Materials Inc.
Stand:  AD30
Based on more than 75 years of silicone expertise, Momentive Performance Materials Inc. delivers a wide range of solutions developed to create consume...
Monasterium Laboratory, Skin and Hair Research Solutions GmbH
Stand:  AA19
Monasterium Laboratory (ML) provides research, preclinical, and clinical services for dermatology applications, and specialises in hair and skin physi...
Mosselman s.a.
Stand:  A65
As a producer and trader of oleochemical ingredients, Mosselman S.A. offers a wide range of surfactants, emollients, hydrotropes, waxes, vegetable oil...
Muller & Koster S.p.A.
Stand:  K31
Muller & Koster S.p.A. is one of the most traditional flavour and fragrance houses in Italy. We have more than 70 years of experience and quality in t...
Nadege Guisti /Multichem R&D
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
The sole manufacturer of Menthyl nicotinate (commercial name: Nicomenthyl). A Vitamin B3 derivate with high percutaneous delivery of Niacin. Ideal ...
Nagase (Europa) Gmbh
Stand:  H10
NAGASE Personal Care, a division of NAGASE & CO., LTD, is an established personal care ingredients supplier from Japan. We provide a wide range of spe...
Sinobest Cosmeceutical Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AJ10
Sinobest is dedicated in UV absorbers’ productions, and has been approved by US FDA inspection. As a technical leading supplier, we have a GMP standar...
Nanjing Duoyuan IMP.&EXP Trading Co., LTD
Stand:  AN10
NATRUE aisbl
Stand:  AF57
NATRUE - The international Natural and Organic cosmetics association has been created in 2007, with the main objective to set and build strict requir...
Natura-Tec
Stand:  C30
Natura-Tec is a natural solutions provider to the personal care industry offering a wide portfolio of vegetable and marine based ingredients. Green c...
Naturalis Srl
Stand:  AK50
We are Italian Bio-tech company that provides innovative solutions for skin & hair care. Our products are the result of a balanced combination bet...
NATUROCHIM S.A.S.U.
Stand:  AK31
NATUROCHIM has just discovered OATS and its avenanthramides with their skin benefits, and we are now launching NAT DEODORIZED OAT OIL and NAT OAT BUTT...
NCD Ingredients GmbH
Stand:  W89
NCD Ingredients is your trusted sales specialist for raw materials and active ingredients of global established quality manufacturers in the field of ...
Neelikon Food Dyes and Chemicals Ltd
Stand:  B15
Neelikon produces cosmetic colours, dyes, lakes & pigments for color cosmetic & personal care applications meeting US FDA, Japanese & EU legislations....
Neftis Laboratorios SL
Stand:  Y12
NEFTIS LABORATORIOS SL, located in Barcelona is an OEM (Contract Manufacturer) company for Cosmetics with any type of formulations, Medical Device pro...
NETZSCH
Stand:  AJ35
The NETZSCH group is a mid-sized, family-owned German company engaging in the manufacture of machinery and instrumentation with worldwide production, ...
Nexmos
Stand:  AN25
NEXMOS, established in 2014, is a Biotechnology R&D corporation designing human wellness and beauty. NEXMOS has created a new DNA Platform based on ...
Nikko Chemicals., Ltd. / Nikoderm Research Inc.
Stand:  Y48
NIKKOL GROUP / NIKKO CHEMICALS CO., LTD.
Stand:  P50 shared with IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
Established in 1946, Nikko Chemicals began with a focus on Interface and Colloid Chemistry, but we have since become a leader in the field of specialt...
Ningbo Briscent Trade Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AD64
An ISO9001 certified supplier of Colourants for cosmetics, including Glitters, Thermochromic Pigments, Photoluminescent Pigments, Pearlescent Pigments...
Nippon Fine Chemical Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AF33
Nippon Fine Chemical is a Japanese cosmetic ingredient manufacturer and proposes new ideas and values for cosmetic ingredients & cosmetic formulations...
NK Ingredients Pte Ltd.
Stand:  AD38
Nordmann, Rassmann GmbH - NORDMANN
Stand:  AK48
Technically-advanced raw materials and know-how, highly-skilled formulation concepts for new cosmetic products and individual applications, developed ...
Normactive Kozmetik San Tic. Std.
Stand:  AN21
FEATURED
Nouryon
Stand:  Q70
Nouryon is a major producer of specialty chemicals, supplying industries with innovative and sustainable products worldwide. Our technologies and expe...
Novasol Chemicals Group
Stand:  AK34
Novasol Chemical Group is worldwide Chemical Distributor, with local presence in Europe, North-America and Asia. Novasol Chemicals 100 % privately own...
Nutri-Woods Bio-tech (Beijing) Co.,Ltd.
Stand:  B33
O&3 - The Oil Family
Stand:  AD23
Welcome to The Oil Family; the home of natural oil ingredients and innovation. Harnessing 40 years of British family heritage and knowledge in the ...
Oat Cosmetics
Stand:  AD81
Oat Cosmetics has been supplying natural oils, extracts and actives to the personal care industry for over 10 years. Oat Cosmetics ingredients are all...
Oleon NV
Stand:  AH80 shared with Kerfoot - Avril Group
Oleon is one of the leading producers of oleochemicals since the 1950s. At Oleon we believe in the use of natural renewable raw materials. We are spec...
OLVEA Vegetable Oils
Stand:  P81
OLVEA offers a wide range of vegetable oils and specialty ingredients coming from conventional, organic, sustainable or fair-trade supply chains. The...
Omya International AG
Stand:  D20
Omya is a leading global producer of calcium carbonate and a worldwide distributor of specialty additives, premium services and solutions. Founded in ...
OQEMA Group
Stand:  AH30
OQEMA is a distributor of basic and specialty chemicals with operations throughout Europe. Established in 1922, the company has advanced into the top ...
P2 Science Inc
Stand:  N11
Parodi Nutra
Stand:  L13
Parodi Nutra is your italian vegetable oils and functional flours destination. Genuine and organic raw materials are key ingredients to enrich food or...
PCC EXOL SA
Stand:  A67
PCC EXOL SA is one the leading producers of surfactants and industrial formulations in the European market. In Eastern and Central-Eastern part of the...
Penreco
Stand:  B63
Penreco is a leading independent producer of high-quality, specialty hydrocarbon products in North America. Penreco manufacturers a full line of White...
PhD Trials
Stand:  Z31
Phenbiox s.r.l.
Stand:  AF70
Set up in 2006 in Bologna (Italy) by researchers specialized in Industrial Biochemistry, Phenbiox now operates in more than 20 countries worldwide, ...
PineAqua®, LTD
Stand:  AN35
PineAqua® - is a factory that produces natural basis (Extvolat*) for creating ecologically pure cosmetics. We developed and patented innovative met...
Polygal AG
Stand:  AN31
Polygal AG is the global leader in the research and utilisation of vegetable hydrocolloids for various industrial applications. Customers from around ...
Polytrade Global GmbH
Stand:  A69
Polytrade Global GmbH is a worldwide supplier of high quality and safe ingredients for cosmetic industry. Based in Frankfurt am Main in Germany, it ha...PRECHEZA a.s.
Stand:  AB33
proDERM Institute
Stand:  Z30
proDERM is an international leading CRO offering claim support, tolerability and safety testing with a strong focus on topical applications. Being hea...
Prodotti Gianni Srl
Stand:  AK68
Based in Milan, Prodotti Gianni started its activity in 1948 in the ingredients business. - An appealing and wide product portfolio with more than...
PROMPERU
Stand:  AH20
Peru Export and Tourism Promotion Board is the government agency in charge of the development and implementation of global strategies to position Per...
Protameen Chemicals Inc.
Stand:  A50
2019 marks a major milestone in Protameen Chemical's’ history having serviced the ever-changing needs of the cosmetics, toiletries, personal care, ph...
Provital, S.A.U.
Stand:  L40
Provital provides solutions for the cosmetic industry through the development, production and sale of natural origin Active Ingredients for skin and h...
QACS Ltd The Challenge Test Laboratory
Stand:  AB30
QACS LAB, The Challenge Test Laboratory. QACS LAB, offers contract and laboratory services to the cosmetic industry. Specialized in preservation effic...
Qinghai Lake Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. (QHL Pharmaceuticals)
Stand:  AD13
Qinghai Lake Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. is the leading Chinese Licorice Products manufacturer. QHL Pharmaceuticals produces MAG, DPG, 18β-Glycyrrhetinic...
Quaternia SL
Stand:  AL79
Since its founding 11 years ago now by a group of professionals with more than thirty years experience in the chemical industry, Quaternia has experie...
Quimibios SL
Quimidroga
Stand:  AB68
Quimidroga has dedicated itself to the commercialisation and distribution of chemicals for 75 years, leading the distribution in the Iberian Peninsul...
Ra.M.Oil S.p.A.
Stand:  Y50
We are specialist in producing raw materials for the cosmetics and pharmaceutical industry. Our main products are: Liquid Paraffin (paraffinum liq...
Radiant Inc.
Stand:  AC60
RADIANT Inc is established on 2002 to provide people with a better quality of life. RADIANT supply high quality products which meet the specific needs...
RAHN AG
Stand:  N70
RAHN-Cosmetic Actives – a holistic platform satisfying individual customer requirements. We at RAHN speak the language of cosmetic science and strive...
Rakesh Sandal Industries
Stand:  L10
We are pioneers MANUFACTURER & EXPORTER OF NATURAL ESSENTIAL OILS, SPICE OILS, AROMATHERAPY OILS, CARRIER OILS, HERBAL EXTRACTS & TRADITIONAL INDIAN A...
Ravago Chemicals S.A
Stand:  AJ80
Ravago Chemicals is the go-to partner for the chemical industry. We have a global network of recognized supply partners that offer leading and innovat...
FEATURED
Reachin Chemical Co., Limited
Stand:  AN12
Reachin Chemical Co., Ltd specializes in manufacturing, R&D of advanced synthetic technology, supplying personal care and cosmetic ingredients, and pr...
Res Pharma Industriale S.r.l.
Stand:  N51
R&D and production of a complete range of specialty ingredients for the cosmetic industry: - sensory emulsifiers for O/W and W/O systems, peg-free (...
Rheolab
Stand:  AH21
Supplier of specialty rheology modifiers for personal care
Ricardo Molina S.A.U:
Stand:  B50
In a ever changing world, where the consumer is every day more informed, connected and demanding, and in a context with the influence of many global t...
RNM - Produtos Químicos, S.A.
Stand:  Q81
Robertet Group
Stand:  K21
The Robertet’s Health & Beauty division will show its active ingredients range for cosmetics with Casta’Nea™, a natural skin lightening serum from Che...
ROELMI HPC srl
Stand:  B31
ROELMI HPC is the partner company to drive innovation in the Health & Personal Care markets. ROELMI HPC is research, planning, development and produc...
Ronald Britton Ltd - Bioglitter®
Stand:  AB80
Ronald Britton Ltd is a UK based glitter business, established in 1945. The inventors and manufacturers of Bioglitter®, the industry-leading eco-frie...
ROQUETTE
Roquette is a global leader in plant-based ingredients and a pioneer of new vegetal proteins. In collaboration with its customers and partners, the Gr...
FEATURED
Roquette Beauté
Stand:  Y60
Sustainable beauty is all about skin health & nutrition Empowered by more than 80 years of recognized expertise in Health & Nutrition, Roquette has d...
Rossow
Stand:  C60
Established in 1955, Rossow proposes specialty ingredients developed by internationally recognized industrial partners. Our Personal Care divisio...
Rsonal Dyes & Chemicals
Stand:  AK21
We are Producers of High Purity grade Iron Oxide Colors in India , Mumbai . Iron Oxide Colors- Red, Yellow, Black & Brown we offer meets int...
Sabinsa Europe GmbH
Stand:  V80
Founded in 1988 at New Jersey, USA by Dr. Muhammed Majeed, we are a premium manufacturer and supplier of herbal extracts, phytonutrients, cosmeceutica...
SABO S.p.A.
Stand:  T56
SACI-CFPA
Stand:  E80
SACI-CFPA is a distribution company of specialty products that brings innovation and technical support to cosmetic manufacturers. Quality and service ...
Safic-Alcan
Stand:  Q10
Safic-Alcan is an International distributor of specialty chemicals headquartered in Paris La Défense (France). The Company offers exclusive ground-bre...
Salicylates & Chemicals PVT.Ltd
Stand:  AD12
Sancolor S.A.
Stand:  AK20
Sandream Impact, LLC
Stand:  L58
Sandream Impact LLC was formed by merger of Sandream Enterprises LLC and Impact Colors Inc. In 2018, Aakash Chemicals & Dye-Stuffs, Inc., has acquired...
Santis S.a.r.l
Stand:  AH29
SANTIS is a producer of Natural Essential Oils, Vegetal Oils, Floral Waters, Natural Cosmetics Ingredients & Botanicals Extracts: Absolutes, Resinoid...
Sappi Valida
Stand:  AN43
Sappi is a US$5 billion global diversified wood fibre group. Sappi has manufacturing operations on 3 continents with sales to more than 150 countries....
SARIS EOOD
Stand:  Y01
Sasol Performance Chemicals
Stand:  Z70
Sasol Performance Chemicals‘ product range includes a wide range of tailor-made products for cosmetics and personal care as well as pharmaceutical and...
SAVITA OIL TECHNOLOGIES LTD.
Stand:  AM34
Schill & Seilacher GmbH
Stand:  D60
Schill+Seilacher GmbH is a leading manufacturer of amino acid based surfactants such as PERLASTAN SC 25 NKW (Sodium/Disodium Cocoyl Glutamate) and PER...
Schuelke & Mayr GmbH
Stand:  AJ70
Schülke & Mayr GmbH is a chemical and pharmaceutical company. Our products and services protect people and materials against infection and contaminati...
SciLabware Limited
Stand:  Y42
SciLabware Limited, a DWK Life Sciences company, are one of the world’s leading manufacturers of high quality tubular glass primary packaging solution...
SEIWA KASEI CO., LTD.
Stand:  AG41
Japanese time-tested manufacturer of innovative cosmetic ingredients, Seiwa Kasei offers high-performance products based on peptides and/or amino acid...
Sekisui Plastics Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AH17
Sekisui Plastics develops and evolves plastic solutions that add value to customers and communities worldwide. In cosmetics market, we are speciali...
Select Botanical, SL
Stand:  AN32
Select Botanical manufactures highest quality extracts and licorice derivative products for cosmetic applications. We follow strictest Quality Managem...
Selerant S.r.l a socio unico
Stand:  AA30
Sensient Cosmetic Technologies
Stand:  Q50
FEATURED
SEPPIC
Stand:  R50
Subsidiary of Air Liquide Healthcare, Seppic is a designer of specialty ingredients for health & beauty care. Seppic Beauty Care offers a wide rang...
Shandong Focuschem Biotech Co., Ltd
Stand:  V31
We Focuschem is the most competitive manufacturer and supplier of Sodium Hyaluronate / Hyaluronic Acid in China for nutritional supplements and cosmet...
Shanghai Fine Chemical Co., Ltd
Stand:  T10
Shanghai Fine Chemical Co., Ltd is a professional green surfactants manufacturer set up by Sinolight and China Research Institute of Daily Chemical In...
Shanghai Fresh Biological Technology Co., Ltd
Stand:  R78
Shanghai Fresh Biological Technology Company focus plant bio-fermentation. Using low temperature fermenting process - making plants into small molecul...
Shanghai Hondu Fine Chemical Co., Ltd
Stand:  Q56
Shanghai fine chemical co., LTD., founded in 2004, relying on the technical support,is a professional cosmetics/daily chemical raw materials suppliers...
Shanghai Oli Enterprises Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AA81
Shanghai OLI is specialized in manufacturing cosmetic ingredients and pharmaceutical intermediate. The main products are skin-lightening, anti-wrinkle...
Shanghai Reshy Industrial Co.,Ltd
Stand:  AN33
Shanghai Samboo Biochem Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AP03
Shanghai Zibon Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd
Stand:  AJ60
Shanghai Zibon Bio-Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd is a supplier for cosmetic industry. We provide various ingredients in cosmetic including Sensory fluids, Su...
Sharon Laboratories Ltd
Stand:  J60
Sharon Laboratories is a global manufacturer of solutions for preserving and prolonging the shelf life of personal care products, and is an industry l...
Shenzhen Winkey Pharmaceutical R&D Co., Ltd
Stand:  A51
Winkey Bio, founded in 2009 and located in Shenzhen , is a leading professional cosmetic peptide synthesis company in China, which has developed and m...
Shin-Etsu Silicones Europe BV
Stand:  P10
Shin-Etsu Silicones Europe BV is a supplier of silicones products for the European market and is located in Almere, the Netherlands. Silicone products...
Shinsung Materials Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AK35
Showa Denko Europe GmbH
Stand:  AK61
Showa Denko Europe GmbH handles products to/from Showa Denko K.K. in Japan, covering petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, inorganic chemicals, electro...
Sigmund Lindner GmbH
Stand:  AC11
Established in 1854, the familiy owned business is one of the leading manufacurers and distributers of Cosmetic Glitter in Germany.
FEATURED
Products from Sigmund Lindner GmbH
SiLiglam -...
SILAB
Stand:  J50
Independent French company, SILAB is recognized worldwide as a specialist of biological active ingredient engineering for the cosmetic and dermo-cosme...Siltech Corporation
Stand:  AK28
Siltech is a family owned business specializing in the development, manufacturing and marketing of a full line of organo-functional silicone compounds...
Silvateam SpA
Stand:  AL11
Silvateam manufactures added value natural ingredients for cosmetic applications, including Caesalpinia spinosa, citrus pectin and gallotannins.
Sinerga
Stand:  AB50
Since 1978, Sinerga offers a complete range of customized and high quality solutions for the international cosmetic and dermo-pharmaceutical industry:...
Sino Lion USA
Stand:  AM14
Sino Lion USA (Sino Lion) focuses on creating “green and better choice “ ingredients using the 12 principles of green chemistry and Biotechnology whil...
Sisterna BV
Stand:  P80
Sisterna B.V., has valuable experience in the research and development of high-grade sucrose esters, and will showcase new formulation ideas at the In...
SKYSTONE BIOTECHNOLOGY CO.,LTD
Stand:  A57
Founded in 1998, Skystone is the world’s leading manufacturer of betaine with annual capacity 60,000MT, its products including kinds of specification...
SNF
Stand:  B55
SNF is a french global company and leading global producer of water-soluble polymers. In Personal Care, SNF offers a wide range of polymers such as rh...
Socri S.p.A.
Stand:  B11
SOCRI S.p.A. operates through two divisions: SOCRI Ingredients and SOCRI Professional Solutions. • SOCRI Ingredients produces and distributes natur...
Soho Aneco Chemicals Co., Limited
Stand:  AJ36
SOHO ANECO Chemicals co., Limited, as a member of SOHO Group, develop and supply raw materials in the fields of cosmetic, personal care, home care an...
FEATURED
Products from Soho Aneco Chemicals Co., Limited
AC-VBE(Vanillyl...
AC-α-Arbutin...
VcOS (Ascorbyl...
AC-MAP (Magnesium...
Alkyl Polyglucoside
Solabia Group
Stand:  D50
Between Nature & Technology By Solabia! Solabia Cosmetics has built integrated solutions based on well-differentiated and converging scientific High...
Solvay
Stand:  R30
Solvay is a multi-specialty chemical company, committed to developing chemistry that addresses key societal challenges. Solvay innovates and partners ...
Sonneborn Refined Products B.V.
Stand:  M31
Sonneborn is a world leader in the manufacture and supply of high-purity specialty hydrocarbons. Our primary products are white oils, petrolatums and ...
Sophim
Stand:  J31
SOZIO
Stand:  L30
Leader in the field of perfumed compositions, the French company SOZIO creates and produces fragrances for perfumes, personal care, home care and indu...
Spec-Chem Industry inc.
Stand:  B70
Spec-Chem Industry Inc. has R&D,production in cosmetic ingredients and  personal care products since 1995. focus on cosmetic ingredients more than 20...
Special Chemicals S.L
Stand:  D81
raw materials distributor for cosmetic and perfumery-designer cosmetic ingredients
Spectra Colors Corp
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
Spectra® Colors Corp is a leading global supplier for specialty dyes/colorants for a variety of industries and applications. We offer Dyes, Lakes & Pi...
Stable Micro Systems Ltd
Stand:  Z10
Stable Micro Systems provide Universal texture analysers for use in R&D applications, Product development and Quality control. These instruments will ...
Stearinerie Dubois Fils S.A.
Stand:  M30
Stéarinerie Dubois, a French family-owned company recognized worldwide for its expertise in the creation and production of esters, is a specialist in ...
FEATURED
Products from Stearinerie Dubois Fils S.A.
DUB ESTOLINE®
DUB OE HP
Stepan Europe
Stand:  L80
FEATURED
Stephenson
Stand:  H80
Stephenson is a world-leading manufacturer of speciality soap bases & natural ingredients. Since its formation in 1856, Stephenson has strived to i...
Stora Enso
Stand:  AF51
Strahl & Pitsch LLC
Stand:  AC40
STRAHL & PITSCH INC. THE NATURAL CHOICE Strahl & Pitsch, the global leader in natural waxes and customized wax product...
StratiCELL
Stand:  Y20
As a leader in creative and innovative solutions for in vitro objectivation, StratiCELL is a key life sciences partner dedicated to understanding skin...
Sudarshan Europe B.V
Stand:  R10
Sudarshan is a technology-focused company with a high investment in R&D, offering excellent technical service and customized products – a partnership ...
Sumitomo Corporation Group Companies
Stand:  V30
Sumitomo Corporation helps enhance beauty through cosmetics and personal care products. With operations in the U.S.A, Brazil, Europe, Japan and Asia, ...
Sumitomo Osaka Cement Co. Ltd
Stand:  AN23
Sumitomo Osaka Cement is a Japanese manufacturer of cosmetic raw materials with more than 20 years’ experience in cosmetics industry. We offer high p...
Sun Chemical
Stand:  V70
Sun Chemical, a member of the DIC Group, is a leading producer of a broad portfolio of cosmetic pigments, including classical organics, inorganics, ce...
Surfachem
Stand:  AL68
Suzhou Fanrong Biotechnology Co., Ltd
Stand:  V69
Swedish Algae Factory AB
Stand:  AD68
Symrise AG
Stand:  B40
Symrise is a global supplier of fragrances, flavorings, functional ingredients and cosmetic raw materials. Sales of approximately € 3 billion in 2017 ...
Synthos Care
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
Sytheon SARL
Stand:  Y80
Sytheon Ltd. is an active ingredient supplier/innovator for the personal care industry since 2006. Sytheon headquarters is located in the US and its E...
TAYCA CORPORATION
Stand:  AB81 shared with IVICT Europe GmbH - a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation
TAYCA CORPORATION is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in the manufacture and sales of chemicals such as titanium dioxide and zinc oxide. We ha...
Technature
Stand:  V20
Technicoflor
Stand:  K20
TechnicoFlor is a dynamic french group which creates and manufactures the finest fragrances for all kind of applications in the perfumery industry, pi...
Ter Hell and Co. GmbH
Stand:  S10
TER GROUP is a leading European distributor, trader and producer of chemical raw materials managed by TER HELL & CO. GMBH situated in Hamburg, Germany...
Test in-cosmetics 2020
Stand:  000
Test
The Garden of Naturalsolution Co., Ltd.
Stand:  Y70
The Innovation Company®
Stand:  F70
The Innovation Company® (TIC) is a French based market leading designer of fashion forward performance raw materials for personal care. With over th...
The Savannah Fruits Company Ltd
Stand:  J81
The Vegan Society
Stand:  AD66
The Vegan Society coined the word 'vegan' in 1944 and kickstarted a global movement. In 1990, we introduced our Vegan Trademark - a product labeling s...
Thor Especialidades, S.A.
Stand:  P20
TINCI
Stand:  AB71
TINCI is a leading public high-tech manufacturing enterprise with over 20 years of personal care industry experience. With reputable R&D, production &...
Tristar Intermediates PVT LTD
Stand:  AN24
Tristar Intermediates Private Limited. With over 20 years of impeccable reputation, we are one of the largest manufacturing companies in India involv...
Troy Corporation
Stand:  V11
The TroyCare line of products has been designed to offer formulators a more customized preservative solution to reduce costs and simplify the formulat...
TS-Biotech Co.,Ltd.
Stand:  V61
TS-Biotech, founded in 2009, focuses on development, production and commercialization of active ingredients by advanced biotechnology. We are committe...
UL
Stand:  C69
Today’s global market is complex and businesses are inundated with rapidly changing demands. Varying legislation, corporate policies and buyer prefere...
Umang Pharmatech Pvt.Ltd
Stand:  AB10
Umang Pharmatech established in the year 1982 is a market leader in process and Pelletization and oral thin film equipment, Expanded its horizons to P...
Unicorn Petroleum Industries Pvt. Ltd.
Stand:  AK33
Established in the year 1964, Unicorn is a quality conscious manufacturer of Pharmaceutical / Cosmetic grade raw materials / ingredients. We have t...
Uniproma GmbH
Stand:  T22
As one of the largest professional sun care ingredient manufacturer in Asia, Uniproma specialize in high quality UV filters (UVA/UVB, organic and inor...
Univar Solutions
Stand:  AH70
Univar Solutions Beauty & Personal Care is focused on the distribution, marketing and sale of specialty ingredients. Our portfolio includes a comprehe...
FEATURED
URAI
Stand:  B50 shared with Ricardo Molina S.A.U:
Vanderbilt Minerals, LLC
Stand:  AL59
Vanderbilt Minerals, LLC is a supplier of water-washed natural smectite clays, VEEGUM® Magnesium Aluminum Silicate and VANATURAL® Bentonite clay. Ou...
Vanshi Chemicals Pvt Ltd
Stand:  AD52
Vantage Speciality Ingredients
Stand:  G40
VC60
Stand:  P50 shared with IMCD Espana Especialidades Quimicas S.A.
Venator
Stand:  C71
Venator is a world-leading expert in titanium dioxide pigments, ultra-fine titanium dioxide based UV-filters and performance additives. Its products a...
Vevy Europe SpA
Stand:  B51
Vevy Europe is an Italian, private and independent fine chemicals industrial company, founded in 1959, dealing with research, development and producti...
Vidya Herbs Pvt Ltd
Stand:  L70
VIORYL S.A.
Stand:  K40
VIORYL is a modern chemical company with activities focusing on the development & production of fragrances, flavours, fine chemicals, plant nutrition ...
VITAL-CHEM ZHUHAI CO., LTD.
Stand:  AF12
Specialized in manufacturing LICORICE PRODUCTS ,TEA PRODUCTS and natural ingredients for more than 15 years and being our major line enjoyed good repu...
Vivimed Labs Limited
Stand:  B28
Vivimed are global suppliers of specialty chemicals for the personal care industry, combining 100 years of expertise in chemistry with state of the ar...VMP Chemiekontor GmbH
Stand:  AK65
VMP Chemiekontor, founded in 2012, is a globally active supplier of raw materials for the beauty and personal care industry. Our extensive portfolio c...
Vytrus Biotech
Stand:  AL30
Vytrus Biotech is a Biotech company specialized in the development, production and commercialization of high added value active ingredients from the ...
Wacker Chemie AG
Stand:  S60
WeylChem Performance Products GmbH
Stand:  U30 shared with DKSH
Worlée-Chemie GmbH
Stand:  G80
Worlée-Chemie is a German manufacturer of innovative ingredients for the personal care industry based in Hamburg. The product range contains film form...
Wuhu Huahai Biology Engineering Co.,Ltd.
Stand:  AL54
We mainly produce Allantoin, Diazolidinyl urea(GM-A), Imidazolidinyl urea(GM 115), Jiemorel NIP, Jiemorel B, Jiemorel BE, Jiemorel Plus, Jiemorel IS 4...
Xinfa Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
Stand:  AG45
Founded in 1998, Xinfa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. is a state-level high-tech private enterprise focusing on the production of feed additives, vitamins, ...
Yangzhou Joyvo Weikem Biology Co Ltd
Stand:  AP17
Joyvo is young in name of enthusiasm and innovation. Founded in 2006, we devote ourselves into multi-functional manufacturer and technology supporter....
Yantai Aurora Chemical Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AC81
Yantai Aurora Chemical Co., LTD., is located in YEDA, Yantai, China. Our main products are functional cosmetics raw materials, pharmaceutical intermed...
Yokozeki Oil & Fat Industries Co., Ltd.
Stand:  R74
We prduce a wide range of natulal oils and waxes for cosmetic, food and industry raw materials since our foundation in 1948. Creation of products tha...
Youngbio Chemical Co.,Ltd.
Stand:  AG39
Youngbio Chemical Co.,Ltd a special high technical pearlescent pigment supplier who combining with development, production, marketing and the service....
Zahra Rosewater Co.
Stand:  M12
Zanyu Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AB89
Zanyu Technology Group Co., Ltd. is a Hi-tech enterprise specialized in R&D and manufacture of daily chemical products, surfactants, etc. Main product...
Zenat International Group S.L.
Stand:  AF53
Zhejiang Dragon Technology Co., Ltd.
Stand:  AG13
Zhejiang Dragon Chemical Group Company is an active company dedicated to producing and marketing organic intermediates with high adding-value, high-qu...
Zhejiang Zhizheng Silicone Co.,Ltd
Stand:  AD56
Zhongbao Chemicals Co Ltd
Stand:  AG16
Established in 1963, Zhongbao Chemicals Co. Ltd. with ISO Certificate has build a good reputation for supplying consistently high quality products. ...
Zschimmer & Schwarz GmbH & Co KG Chemische Fabriken
Stand:  N20
Zschimmer & Schwarz is a family owned company with headquarters in Lahnstein, Germany and an international presence in 15 countries on five continents...
ZURKO RESEARCH S.L.
Stand:  AA17